Add GH_DEBUG to issue template (#9167)
cli/cli: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

### Logs

Paste the activity from your command line. Redact if needed.

> Tip: Set `GH_DEBUG=true` (verbose logs) or `GH_DEBUG=api` (verbose logs with HTTP traffic details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> Set `GH_DEBUG=true` for verbose logs or `GH_DEBUG=api` for verbose logs with HTTP traffic details.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with your change, suggest just committing and merging this. Thank you for your contribution @TWiStErRob, I've been thinking we need to overhaul our bug report template for a while but this is an obvious win.

Author: @andyfeller merged to move on. I think it might be unnecessary to format as a callout, because it's going to be shown and consumed in markdown by the issue author. I might suggest that an HTML comment is enough here, the key is to make it show to the author, but not to readers of the issue.

Like this: https://github.com/cli/cli/pull/9167/files#r1642496276

Reviewer 2: Will let @andyfeller make a decision about this and I'll just accept whatever.

Reviewer: > @andyfeller merged to move on. I think it might be unnecessary to format as a callout, because it's going to be shown and consumed in markdown by the issue author. I might suggest that an HTML comment is enough here, the key is to make it show to the author, but not to readers of the issue.
> 
> Like this: https://github.com/cli/cli/pull/9167/files#r1642496276

Fair point 👍  Let's go with the HTML comment

### Logs

Paste the activity from your command line. Redact if needed.

> > [!NOTE]
> > Set `GH_DEBUG=true` for verbose logs or `GH_DEBUG=api` for verbose logs with HTTP traffic details.

Author: See https://github.com/cli/cli/pull/9167#discussion_r1640180358

```suggestion
<!-- Note: Set `GH_DEBUG=true` for verbose logs or `GH_DEBUG=api` for verbose logs with HTTP traffic details. -->
```
